docs: add repo readme and install instructions (#69)
UpCloudLtd/upcloud-whmcs-module: README.md

- Suspend, unsuspend, and terminate accounts
- Change server packages/plans
- View detailed server information
- Manage reverse DNS settings

## Module Structure

The module follows the standard WHMCS module structure:

```
modules/servers/upCloudVps/
├── upCloudVps.php       # Main module file with all WHMCS hook functions
├── templates/           # Client area templates
│   ├── overview.tpl     # Main client area template
│   ├── error.tpl        # Error template
│   └── assets/          # CSS, JS, and image assets
├── lib/                 # Module libraries and classes
├── cron/                # Cron job scripts for usage updates
└── lang/                # Language files for internationalization
```

### Key Functions

The module provides the following key functions:

- `upCloudVps_CreateAccount` - Provisions a new server
- `upCloudVps_TerminateAccount` - Terminates a server
- `upCloudVps_SuspendAccount` - Suspends a server
- `upCloudVps_UnsuspendAccount` - Unsuspends a server
- `upCloudVps_ChangePackage` - Changes the server plan
- `upCloudVps_ClientArea` - Renders the client area interface
- `upCloudVps_UsageUpdate` - Updates bandwidth usage statistics

> - `upCloudVps_StartVPS`, `upCloudVps_StopVPS`, `upCloudVps_RebootVPS` - Server power management

Author: Fair point, will remove!

## Contributing

Contributions to the UpCloud WHMCS module are welcome. To contribute:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)

> 3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Commit your changes (`git commit`), prefer commit messages that adhere to [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org)
```

> 4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Push the branch (`git push -u origin feature/amazing-feature`)
```
